Once your entities are in place,
you have a couple of choices with how you want to handle your data access layer.
I'm a big fan of Spring Data JPA and all the
benefits it provides out of the box.
That's what we'll go ahead and set up now by creating
some JPA repository interfaces.
Take a minute and jump back to the pom.xml.
If you remember,
we added the Spring Data starter into the POM as one of our dependencies.
This pulls in the libraries we need to work with JPA repos.
Since we started with the session entity first,
I'm going to go ahead and begin by creating the session repository.
This is a slightly different area of the architectural stack,
so I'm going to put that in the package called repositories.
That package is over here by the models.
To add this, I'm going to right-click and say New,
Java Class,
I'm going to select an interface because our JPA repositories are interfaces,
and I'm going to call the interface SessionRepository.
This created a new Java interface.
JPA repositories are almost too easy to set up.
All we have to do is add this to the interface definition.
We want to extend JpaRepository,
and we are going to use Session as our data type,
and Long refers to the primary key.
Go ahead and import the Session class,
and the Session class is the one that we created,
and we'll need to import JpaRepository as well.
And that's it!
We now have Find, Update, Save, Delete,
and a bunch of other operations already set up and
usable for us on our Session JPA class.
Go ahead and pause the video again and create a
repository similar for the Speaker entity.
Once you're done,
restart this clip and compare with the solution I'm about to show.
Okay, here's what I've come up with.
I've added it to the Repositories package,
similar to Session, and it's really similar to Session.
It's just that we've typed the Speaker entity instead of the Session entity.
That's really the main difference other than the interface name.
At this point,
if you are caught up and you have your entities and repositories all wired up, we're ready for the last big effort, and that is creating the API controllers.